OSDOCS-7070: update storage migration controller (#64470)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_storage/microshift-storage-migration.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="microshift-storage-migration"]
= Storage migration using the Kube Storage Version Migrator
include::_attributes/attributes-microshift.adoc[]
:context: microshift-storage-plugin-overview

toc::[]

> Storage version migration is used to update existing in cluster objects to the latest version. The Kube Storage Version Migrator embedded controller is used in {product-title} to migrate resources with out having to recreate those resources. Either you or a controller can create a `StorageVersionMigration` custom resource (CR) that will request a migration through the Migrator Controller.

Reviewer: "Storage version migration is used to update existing in cluster objects to the latest version."
Is it updating the existing version?

Author: Yeah, it updates the objects from whatever they are to the latest version.

> Storage version migration is used to update existing in cluster objects to the latest version. The Kube Storage Version Migrator embedded controller is used in {product-title} to migrate resources with out having to recreate those resources. Either you or a controller can create a `StorageVersionMigration` custom resource (CR) that will request a migration through the Migrator Controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storage version migration is used to update existing in cluster objects to the latest version. The Kube Storage Version Migrator embedded controller is used in {product-title} to migrate resources without having to recreate those resources. Either you or a controller can create a `StorageVersionMigration` custom resource (CR) that will request a migration through the Migrator Controller.
```
